hi YouTube so I have been asked about my
hair regimen and what it is I'm doing
for my hair so I've been doing this hair
regimen maybe since like February of
this year and I have just had to keep it
really low maintenance really simple
because I have so much going on in my
life as far as changing jobs and moving
and we're in like a temporary condo for
right now so my regimen is really simple
and really easy and I will list the
steps that I've been doing for my
regimen and then I will kind of go
through them
so before I get to washing my hair I
will detangle my hair in the beginning
if I feel like it needs it so what I'll
do is I'll mix and this water bottle
here now it makes some conditioner which
I like to use Tresemme at the moment and
it's just the Tresemme naturals I also
use Herbal Essence and the long day a
long-term relationship one that's in the
red bottle and I've used during a fruit
cheese before I like both of those
because they do have a pH level of 5 and
I like that when I mix them with water
they do help detangle my hair so and
I'll add some oil to it just to help
detangle my hair and I will twist my
hair and I actually washed my hair and
the twist so if I do that a couple of
days before I wash my hair and I find
that I don't have to pre poop my hair if
I do have to pre pull my hair again I
just slather on some conditioner I let
it sit with the processing bag and then
I detangle my hair and then I get it
ready to wash
so for washing my hair I use the
moisture fusion milk bath it's a gentle
lather rinse and this by mazzani there
we go so I used this sample in my hair
if I don't use this one I'll use this
argan oil cream of nature shampoo I like
this because it's a detangling shampoo
and this actually be tangles my hair so
I like to use both of these I'll
alternate between both of these it
doesn't really matter which one I pick
it depends on which one I can get to
first so after I shampoo my hair to
rinse out the shampoo I will put some
conditioner on it and I'll use Amazon II
monster fusion soap cream conditioner so
I put this on my hair to rinse out the
shampoo and to prep it for either and
protein treatment or a deep treatment I
do protein treatments once every like
eight weeks if I do a henna treatment
then I would do it like every three
months so what I've been going for my
protein treatment is I haven't been
doing extra protein treatments lately I
have been doing henna treatments and for
my tenant treatments I've been using
this brand of henna this supreme world's
finest supreme henna
I've been using this on my hair and I
like this henna it does bleed a lot but
it has in it I'm Latoya
and shikaka for powers as I'm low and
Chicana kind natural herbal powders and
mixed into it so it's a natural
conditioner for the hair so I like how
these made my hair feel my hair is
easily detectable
I can easily detangle my hair once I
wrist is out and
just love the way it actually reacts
from my hair so I prefer to use this one
once I rinse out the protein treatment
and deep condition my hair and I like to
use the olive oil replenishing tack so
I'd like to use this of course two small
packets not enough so I do mix it with
some Tresemme just to get more of a
volume to it I don't add in oils and I
use olive oil to add into it for any
other oils that I have laying around and
I want to get rid of but mainly it's an
olive oil that I will add to it and I'll
add particular where I love particular
oil so I do add particular oil to my
conditioner mix once I rinse out the
conditioner my hair is already twisted
so I don't have to do anything to it so
typically I will let it air dry in the
twist and then go on with my business if
I decide that I want to style my hair
what I do is I take my conditioner mix
which is the Tresemme some oil some
water and some aloe vera juice I squirt
that on my hair as my leave me I
actually have not bought a leave-in
since 2011 I've been making my own it's
like the kidney - but it's like a
modified version
so I'll take my leave in put it on my
hair I will take a cream based product
which is using the Shea Moisture and
this is the one that I've been reaching
for the the growth thickening milk and
I've been also reaching for the one in
the actual container you've seen it in
my past videos I've actually ran out of
it so I'm gonna go ahead and use this up
so I reach to my sigmoid sure I use that
as my styling cream and then that's my
oil of choice I've been using a softy
growth oil you have all seen this I've
been using this since 2010 I love this
oil this is always in the goatee it's a
nice mixture of different oils and I
feel like the quality and this is really
feel until I like to use this oil I
mixed up a scalp oil back in October or
November of last year and this I have it
in this Bronner brothers grocery bottle
I forget what's in this scalp oil but in
the video that I made I'll link it below
I do have the ingredients and I put in
here I don't remember with you and I
haven't made any more this is the same
oil I use it like once a week sometimes
more my husband doesn't like how it
smells of course so what I do is I have
to use it when he's not here so I have
maybe about this much left and I'll be
going through this in the next few
months so that's my hair regimen again
really simple really easy nothing fancy
I prefer to keep my hair and protective
styles most most of the time because
it's just easier I don't like to
detangle my hair so when I wear my hair
loose I get more knots and things like
that so lately I have been wearing my
hair loose and I have been having to
retwist it at night just to keep the
definition because I'm gonna join it in
this side swoop type of I don't know
twist out thing going on so if you have
any other questions about my regimen
definitely feel free to ask me down
below and I'll be glad to answer them
alrighty you too bye see you in the next
video bye